multilaser recently launched fable
time 53 of a hybrid between smartphone
tablet that the tecmundo evaluated and shows
now the result for you
If you search for screen space there is no
to complain about m5 3g
it offers 5 inches enough
to enjoy the web games and
applications on your device
moreover it responds well to the touches
which means navigation without large
problems talking browsing this
device is able to perform the basic
no difficulty
You use youtube and other social networks.
hassle-free applications
more advanced basic games like angry
birds netboard tiecher gum no
to overload a dual core processor
from 1 ghz
during our tests another highlight of the
m5 3g is the support for two chips one
very welcome resource for good part
of the Brazilian public of smartphones
one of the main problems of m5 3g
it's in the anatomy
The device is large and difficult to
held with one hand
this action is made even more difficult by
finish with the smooth side and
plastic back cover which can
cause some accidents during the
handling
the experience with the m5 3g screen can
be very controversial
although it is spacious and capacitive
presents serious problems of
the more lateral the view is.
angle of vision is the
the screen that reflects more light and has
more considerable loss in loyalty
of colors
in addition the fact of reproducing videos
at only 480p or is anything high
definition is another major fault
the appliance kit is another feature
that leaves to be desired
it has the protective film for
the data transfer cable sleeve
and recharge the battery and even a
heard
the phone is what disappoints because it is not
capable of producing quality sounds
remembering those headphones
purchased from a street vendor
despite bringing the front camera the m5 3g
very much in the quality of his whole
camera apparatus
it leaves much to be desired in the
quality of the photos displayed
the physical part of the device with the
system says a faulty and unsupported
macro shooting but the worst
m5 3g feature is the price it
has a suggested value of 900 reais but may
cost even more depending on where
you search
this puts a price range
similar to devices like the galaxy
s2 xperia arc s two smartphones with
smaller screens but settings as well
higher than m5 3g
the impression that remains is that the only
advantage of m5 3g in relation to
smartphones of the same price range is
only the screen size compared
with other hybrids like the galaxy note
optimus flight the device wins the price
but asks in all other
features
when the comparison is made with the
simple smartphone with value close to
of m5 3g the device of the multilaser loses
to offer - performance costing almost
the same price
who knows if it cost half of the
current valuation price would have been well
different but you can invest 900
and a much better device.
than this
complete analysis of the world and
to the next